Update readme.md (#3520)
usebruno/bruno: readme.md

![bruno](assets/images/landing-2.png) <br /><br />

## Commercial Versions ✨

Majority of our features are free and open source.
We strive to strike a harmonious balance between [open-source principles and sustainability](https://github.com/usebruno/bruno/discussions/269)

> You explore our [paid verisons](https://www.usebruno.com/pricing) to see if there are additional features that you or your team may find useful! <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can explore our [paid versions](https://www.usebruno.com/pricing) to see if there are additional features that you or your team may find useful! <br/>
```
